VAULT-22483: Audit `filter` docs (#24903)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/audit/index.mdx

- `elide_list_responses` `(bool: false)` - See [Eliding list response
  bodies](/vault/docs/audit#eliding-list-response-bodies) below.

> - `fallback` `(bool: false)` - If enabled, marks this audit device as the [fallback
>   device](/vault/docs/concepts/filtering/audit#fallback-device) in conjunction
>   with [filtering](/vault/docs/concepts/filtering/audit).
>   **Vault supports enabling only a single fallback audit device**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fallback` `(bool: false)` - Indicates whether the audit device is a
  fallback for filtering purposes. **Vault only supports one fallback audit
  device at a time**.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun

> - `filter` `(string: "")` - Allows a predicate to be used by the audit device in
>   order to filter which audit entries this device should attempt to log.
>   See [filtering](/vault/docs/concepts/filtering/audit) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filter` `(string: "")` - Sets an optional string used to filter the audit
  entries logged by the audit device.  See the
  [filtering](/vault/docs/concepts/filtering/audit) section of the auditing
  overview for more information.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun
